he did take a good grip on yourself
you're going to die Stephen Haines is
stepping out on Mary Celia who told you
a medic Eurus what what girl this
crystal Allen crystal Allen yes you know
the girl was hooked mr. Haines hey what
happened the hot that you had offered a
night darling
hotter than ever dear I'm having him
dine at my place Tommy found out I was
our home girl home girl huh get her
why don't you bother the quintuplets for
thee because I'm all a baby he wants pit
now's your chance to go in there and put
an end to this thing Barry go in there
in just a few quiet words Kelly will
make Stevens life and absolute tornado
till he gives her up or she was six
months ago
look where she is no would you please
let me do what I wanted with my own life
you're very confident aren't you yes
because I know Stephen couldn't love a
girl like you
well if he couldn't he's an awfully good
actor
Oh cheer up Sheree wait you've lost as
many husbands as I have married divorced
married divorced Oh
l'amour L'Amour that's French for love
you should have licked that girl where
she licked you in his arms it's where
you win in the first round and if I know
men it's still Custer's last stand
haha
I had two years ago Klaus mother jungle
red hey who are you - laughs my pit I
made good with my husband anyway to talk
to me after all I've done for you all
hold done what you didn't know a soul
when you married Steven after all wasn't
easy to put you over Stevens fed up with
a kiss on your heart you know it take my
advice you should watch your mind I need
a little alimony with what Steven can
get on you we won't have to give you a
dime
you